feat: add login via Reunite API (#1878)
Redocly/redocly-cli: docs/commands/login.md

redocly login --verbose
```

> To authenticate using **Reunite** API, use `--next` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To authenticate using **Reunite** API, use the `--next` option.
```

```bash
redocly login --next
```

> Please note that login with **Reunite** API does not allow you to use the `push` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that logging in with **Reunite** API does not allow you to use the `push` command.
```
